E aí a gente chega na sexta fase, quando a gente aprende a fazer esse malabarismo das fases anteriores,
que é integralidade, que é ver sentido em tudo que a gente fez ou está fazendo, mesmo diante da morte.
E aqui eu não estou me referindo para uma idade avançada, você já lá na frente, mesmo você na idade que você está,
você fazer uma reflexão de tudo que eu estou fazendo, que eu estou vivendo, que eu estou empregando a minha força vital, faz sentido,
mesmo se por um acaso eu der aqui um infarto e morrer daqui 10 minutos.
Se isso acontecesse, eu ia feliz porque eu sei que eu cumpri o que eu precisava ter feito,
eu fiz exatamente o que eu deveria ter feito, ou não.
Se você ainda não tem esse sentimento, muito provavelmente você ainda não está nessa fase.
Essa fase é uma fase onde você já passou por todas as anteriores
e já consolidou a sua personalidade como um todo,
todas as fases de maturidade,
todas as camadas ali da cebola da sua maturidade.
E aí você tem a noção da verdade que é realmente enxergada,
juntamente com a reflexão entre o bem e o mal. Você sabe o que é verdade para você. FIS É não a morte que a maioria da gente tem medo. It is not death most people are afraid of.
It is getting to the end of life only to realize that you never truly lived.
There was a study done, a hospital study on 100 elderly people facing death close to their last breath.
They were asked to reflect About their life's biggest regret
Nearly all of them said
They regretted not the things they did
But the things they didn't do
The risks they never took
The dreams they didn't pursue
I ask you Will your last words be,
if only I hit, hey, you, wake up.
Why do you exist?
Life is not meant to simply work,
wait for the weekend and pay rent.
No, no, I don't know much, but I know this.
Every person on this earth has a gift.
And I apologize to the black community, but I can no longer pretend
Martin Luther King
That man never had a dream
that dream had him
See people don't choose dreams dreams choose them
So the question I'm getting to is do you have the courage to grab the dream that picked you that befits you and grips
you or will you let it get away and slip through you know i learned a fact about airplanes the
other day now this was this was so surprising see i was talking to a pilot and he told me that many
of his passengers think planes are dangerous to fly in. But he said, actually, it is a lot more dangerous for a plane to stay on the ground.
I said, what? Like, how does that sound?
Well, he said, because on the ground, the plane starts to rust, malfunction, and wear
much faster than it ever would if it was in the air.
As I walked away, I away i thought yeah makes total sense
because planes were built to live in the skies and every person was built to live out the dream
they have inside so it is perhaps the saddest loss to live a life on the ground without ever
taking off see most of us are afraid of the thief that comes in the night to steal all of our things.
But there is a thief in your mind who is after your dreams.
His name is Doubt.
If you see him call the cops and keep him away from the kids.
Cause he is wanted for murder for he has killed more dreams than failure ever did.
He wears many disguises and like a virus will leave you blinded divided and turn you into a kinda
See kinda is lethal. You know what kinda is. It's a lot of kinda people
You kinda want a career change you kinda want to get straight A's you kinda want to get in shape
Simple math no numbers to crunch if you kinda want, then you will kinda get the results you want.
What is your dream?
What ignites that spark?
You can't kinda want that.
You gotta want it with every part of your whole heart.
Will you struggle?
Yeah, yeah, you will struggle.
No way around it.
You will fall many times, but who's counting?
Just remember, there's no such thing as a smooth mountain.
If you wanna make it to the top, then there are sharp ridges that must be stepped over.
There will be times you get stressed and things you get depressed over, but let me tell you something.
Steven Spielberg was rejected from film school three times.
Three times, but he kept going.
The television execs fired Oprah, said she wasn't fit for TV, but she kept going. Critics told Beyonce that she couldn't sing.
She went through depression, but she kept going.
Struggle and criticisms are prerequisites for greatness.
That is the law of this universe and no one escapes it.
Because pain is life, but you can choose what type.
Either the pain on the road to success or the pain of being haunted with regret?
You want my advice?
Don't think twice we have been given a gift that we call life
So don't blow it you were not defined by your past instead you were born anew in each moment
So own it now
Sometimes you gotta leap and grow your wings on the way down.
You better get this shot off before the clock runs out.
Cause ain't no overtime in life.
No do over.
And I know I sound like I'm preaching or speaking with force.
But if you don't use your gift, then you sell not only yourself, but the whole world.
Sure.
So what invention do you have buried in your mind?
What idea? What cure? Sure. So what invention do you have buried in your mind?
What idea?
What cure?
What skill do you have inside to bring out to this uni-verse?
Uni meaning one, verse meaning song.
You have a part to play in this song.
So grab that microphone and be brave.
Sing your heart out on life stage.
You cannot go back and make a brand new beginning, but you can start now and make a brand new ending. FIS